Product Garbage

1. Product Lifecycles

The majority of companies that produce products to sell aren't legally responsible for maintaining a closed product lifecycle. When a product is expended, then it's disposed of in the local town or city. Public services are created and held responsible for collecting and managing garbage that's accumulated from other places. Amazon can sell products that other companies produce because the companies don't collect their product garbage and don't maintain a closed product lifecycle.

2. Closed Product Lifecycles

Closed product lifecycles aren't always possible because as some companies grow, they stop producing their products, change materials, or change their business operations. Some products have to be single-use, like medication containers, food packaging, glass, pressure tanks, and consumer electronics. Returning product garbage to the original producer of a product might not always be possible because of the consumer's decisions, product scarcity, and product value.

3. Garbage Problems and Solutions

A lot of garbage is burned for energy or buried in landfills. Some landfills contaminate the surrounding soil and water. Product garbage that isn't burned or buried, like old car tires, is recycled by recycling companies. Recycling companies are created to work with public services and manage garbage.

1. Legally restricting companies from using non-recyclable materials to produce their products would eliminate the accumulation and public management of product garbage. This restriction would also limit the available materials for companies to use in production, and then this limits our consumer lifestyle.

2. Waste management and product garbage do employ some people but not a lot. Automation will help replace people working for public and private waste management companies.

4. Ecofriendly

The rapid evolution of product development throughout the past century in sectors like healthcare, medicine, and technology were and continue to be produced using non-recyclable materials. A lot of people wouldn't have been able to live or been supported to live without the use of non-recyclable materials. Supporting the current standards of living without producing products using non-recyclable materials would be very uncomfortable and might not be possible.



